[Fix][Connector-V2] assign size for KafkaSource reader cache queue (#9041)
apache/seatunnel: docs/en/connector-v2/source/Kafka.md

| protobuf_schema                     | String                                                                     | No       | -                        | Effective when the format is set to protobuf, specifies the Schema definition                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

> | reader_cache_queue_size             | Integer                                                                     | No       | 1024                     | Specify the length of the read queue, which can be adjusted to avoid memory overflow.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| reader_cache_queue_size             | Integer                                                                     | No       | 1024                     | The reader shard cache queue is used to cache the data corresponding to the shards. The size of the shard cache depends on the number of shards obtained by each reader, rather than the amount of data in each shard.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```
